# Design Diary
Use this space to talk about your process.  For inspiration, see [my prompts](../../../docs/sample_reflection.md) 

At first I thought this assignment seemed easy, but for some reason it was very difficult for me to even get started on it.  I had trouble initially creating a border that fit my window.  After looking through some of the pdcurses info I figured out how to use LINES AND COLS to create a border that fit.  An issue that I am still unable to resolve is how to add another window in to my window I already created so that I can insert a menu and some prompts at the bottom of the program.  I know that there are tutorials out there but I was trying to do some of it completely just from reading the library of functions and I have found that difficult to do.  This is the first time that I have used an outside library on a project and really the first time I have ever done a project of this kind. Some advice I would give to another student working on this project would be to be patient.  I found myself restarting completely if something did not work out and feel like it set me behind since I was too focused on instant results.  The most fun part of this assignment is seeing something actually work, it is satisfying to see any progress or results on the screen.  The most difficult thing to understand in this assignment for me is how it all fits together.  Understanding individual functions and what they do is not the most difficult, but making all of these things work together to create an interactive menu is difficult for me to comprehend.  I really like how the project is individual but ties in things that we are learning in class.  I feel like if there is less structure then it will require you to go learn things on your own as well as in class to make your project successful.  After seeing some of the examples and other student's work in class today I feel like I need to catch up, but hopefully it will inspire me to put more effort in instead of being intimidated.
